Ok, this is it. The final "ReadMe". The final Iteration. The final release.

Probably the first thing that you will notice for our iteration 4 is that we didn't do the JUnit testing. 
We were never very clear on how to to it in the first place, and we decided that our limitted time could 
be better spent on other parts of the iteration.

Second, as far as we are aware there are little to no bugs in the final relase.
Of course, we have yet to stress test it through every possible scenario every possible way, but to the 
best of our knoledge the final release of our version of Blokus deliver on the following promises:
- It can play a 4 human player game.
- It has the ability to choose the number of human players.
- You can select both the color of your pieces and a character that will appear on each of your pieces squares.
- You can select from 3 increasingly difficult difficulties (Easy, Medium, and Hard).
- You can save and load a game from effectively any point (requires more testing to see if it works at any point).
- It has a hint system that will reccommend posssible move to the player when enabled.

The one possible feature that our final release is missing is the possibility of 2 and 3 player games.
We determined that this would be outside of the scope of possibility given the time we had remaining.

The major departure in design from the previous release would be the design of the board window.
Previously the window showed only the board itself, but now it displays the board, 
all of the pieces that can possibly be placed, a button to enable/disable hints, 
and a series of buttons to change the orientation of the currenly selected piece.
This departure from our previous design does, oddly enough, more closely resemble our original UI Prototype
sketches from iteration 1. The main deviation from those would be the placement of the text that indicates 
whose turn it is. This was changed for practicalities sake, as doingit the way originally specified would result
in it taking up far too much space. Aside from that, the "Menu" square in the top left of the Prototype drawings
was left out as it was fuund to be largely irrelevent.

For more information about how all of the functionality was achieved, you can refer to the inline comments
in the code.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The file Blokus.jar (our full release) should run upon being downloaded and double clicked.
In the event that it doesn't run as specified please follow the instructions below. 

1. Right click on the file
2. Click "Properties"
3. Click on the "Permissions" tab
4. Make sure that the "Allow executing file as program" box is checked
5. Close the window
6. Double click the file

In the event that this does not work, download the Blokus.zip file and follow the instructions below.

1. Extract the contents of that file to a known directory
2. Open a terminal window
3. Change the directory to the location of the extracted files
4. Enter the following command: javac *.java
5. Enter the following command: java Main

Upon the completion of these steps, a window containing the main menu of the game should open.

To test the save/load feature the following steps are recommended.

1. Run the file using one of the methods detailed above.
2. Select whatever settings are desired in the main menu.
3. Click start to open the game board.
4. Place piecees as desired.
5. Click the "X" in the corner of the window.
6. When prompted to save, select "Yes".
7. Run the file again.
8. Click the "Resume" button
9. Observe that all of the settings, board pieces, and almost everything else is the same as they were previously.

Finally we would like to express our thanks for you grading these projects of ours.
Thank you.
