 
The file BlokusDemo.jar (our limited release) should run upon being downloaded and double clicked.
In the event that it doesn't run as specified please follow the instructions below. 

1. Right click on the file
2. Click "Properties"
3. Click on the "Permissions" tab
4. Make sure that the "Allow executing file as program" box is checked
5. Close the window
6. Double click the file

In the event that this does not work download the BlokusSource.jar or BlokusSource.zip file and follow the instructions below.

1. Extract the contents of that file to a known directory
2. Open a terminal window
3. Change the directory to the location of the extracted files
4. Enter the following command: javac *.java
5. Enter the following command: java Main

Upon the completion of these steps, a window containing the main menu of the game should open.



As of this point the method for placing pieces on the board has yet to be implimented. 
However, to test the saving and loading of the game a temporary method has been added. 
This method makes the color of the squares on the board cycle between 5 options when clicked.
These changes in color will be saved if the user saves their game.
To test the save/load feature the following steps are recommended.

1. Run the file using one of the methods detailed above.
2. Select whatever settings are desired in the main menu.
3. Click start to open the game board.
4. Click on several squares on the board, some multiple times to get different colors.
5. Click the x in the corner of the window.
6. When prompted to save select "Yes".
7. Run the file again.
8. Click the "Resume" button
9. Observe that all of the settings, and board pieces are the same as they were previously.



Also the method of displaying the hints has not yet been implimented. 
Because of this the only indications that can be seen are the state of the button, in the main menu and the board UI.
The variable in the game class that determines whether or not the hints are being shown reflects the states of the buttons.



If the file Piece.java is present in the source code, please ignore it. 
It is an artifact of a previous version of the project that I have not figured out how to delete.
